Update dev and test configs to streamline developer experience (#76)
ONSdigital/dis-wagtail: README.md

You can also run the main application locally with the supporting backend services such as the Postgres and Redis running in Docker.
This can be useful when you want to make changes that require the app to be restarted in order to be picked up.

> The correct development configuration should be used by default when running from the shell, for IDE's you may need to add
> `DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=cms.settings.dev` to the runtime configuration (for PyCharm see [here](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/run-debug-configuration.html#createExplicitly)).

Reviewer: nitpick:
```suggestion
The correct development configuration should be used by default when running from the shell. For IDEs you may need to add
`DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=cms.settings.dev` to their runtime configuration (e.g [PyCharm configuration documentation](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/run-debug-configuration.html#createExplicitly)).
```

    make runserver
    ```

#### Environment Configuration

> By default, `make` targets will use the `cms.settings.dev` configuration unless their commands explicitly use a different setting, or `DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `make` targets will use the `cms.settings.dev` settings unless their commands explicitly use a different setting (via the `--settings` parameter or `DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE` environment variable).
```

is set in the environment. This default should work out of the box for local development.

To override settings in the environment, you can use a `.env` file. Note, however, that settings this file may also be picked up in the docker container, so
you may need to remove or rename the file, or comment out specific variables if you switch to running the app in the container.

> [!NOTE]
> When running the application locally in a virtual environment via Poetry the `.env` file will not be picked up automatically.
> For this to work you'll need to install the [poetry-plugin-dotenv](https://github.com/pivoshenko/poetry-plugin-dotenv).
> However, if you installed Poetry with `brew` rather than `pip` that currently isn't going to
> work (see the [issue](https://github.com/pivoshenko/poetry-plugin-dotenv/issues/327)) and you'll need to install an older and
> seemingly no longer maintained [poetry-dotenv-plugin](https://github.com/mpeteuil/poetry-dotenv-plugin).

> 

Reviewer 2: It should have been done this way from the start 😄 
I remember I started with this approach, but for a reason I don't recall now I shifted to doing it via the `.env` file.

Everything looks good, but we might want to get rid of the bit I've highlighted since we're no longer using the `.env` file and it won't be relevant for most people unless someone decides to use their own `.env` (but again it'd now be easier to modify the settings files..)
Not a huge issue tho as it looks that others are fine with it!

Reviewer: I think the note is useful. Let's leave it in and revisit should someone new try this and stumble.
